Up until now, you've been using Jupyter notebooks to run your Python code.
These notebooks are great for prototyping as well as exploring and visualizing your data.
If you develop an amazing data product and a notebook,
you can easily share their results with your coworkers.
However, Jupyter notebooks aren't the best tool for automating your workflow,
that's where Python scripts come into play.
Why would you want to use Python scripts instead of sticking with Jupyter notebooks?
Well, imagine you work for
a social media company that receives a constant stream of text,
image, and video data from your users.
To keep up with your users,
you want your Spark jobs to run automatically at specific intervals,
perhaps once every hour.
These Spark jobs give your entire team
the latest information on their users and will probably
become so useful to your team that they will start to request more and more Spark jobs.
You won't want to manually run a growing collection of notebooks,
you'll want automated scripts that you can set and forget.
So next, you'll learn how to rework your Jupyter notebooks into
Python scripts and submit these scripts to your cluster from the command line.